### How this tutorial is different
1. wifi hacking is not a easy task. The vulnerbility lies in wps enabled router.we can use bruteforce attact
to fine the pin with in it. I would describe technical terms and details of how it works that you will not find in other videos

2. Will explain three methods. bruteforce attack, pin method     and (handsake) dictionary. Be sure to explore other attacks aswell

3. The code/command can be found in my github repo. Do link is attached with the video. check below

4. I will be talking alot about techical jargon. those who are not tech nerds.Do skip the video. and follow the process that i am using.If any problem encounter do ping me back.

5. I have done alot of research and came to this conclusion. There are alot of videos regarding wifi hacking. Do share if it has been useful to you somehow. and 

Happy sharing knowledge ! Youtube has been platform to share knowledge. not only for entertainment. For such free content and knowledge. Do subscibe. like, share and comment and feedback. so, i can improve. 



##  Environment requirement

	1. Kali linux or any linux distro
	2. packages : wifite, reaver 1.3, wash, airodump
	3. Dedication and passion

## Tips to avoid other hacking

	 disable wps/
	 use wpa/wpa2 with strong encryption/
	 mac filtering // 
	 enable other security/
	 disable pin for this devices(tick) lck the router state1. Kali linux or any linux distro
	


## To filter hackalble network
```
root@simon:~# wifite   ---> wps enable network is must

root@simon:~# wash -i wlan0mon  --> ensure that Lck = no

root@simon:~# airodump-ng -i wlan0mon ---> filter wps enable network with details
```

